`qml.grouping.is_pauli_word` returns false for non-observables (#3039)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  and the diagonalising gates using the factors/summands instead of using the full matrix.
  [(#3022)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3022)

> * `qml.grouping.is_pauli_word` now returns `False` for non-Observables, instead of raising an error.

Author: ```suggestion
* `qml.grouping.is_pauli_word` now returns `False` for non-Observables, instead of raising an error.
  [(#3039)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3039)
```

  and the diagonalising gates using the factors/summands instead of using the full matrix.
  [(#3022)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3022)

> * `qml.grouping.is_pauli_word` now returns `False` for non-Observables, instead of raising an error.

Reviewer: Just a little more specific 
```suggestion
* `qml.grouping.is_pauli_word` now returns `False` for operators that don't inherit from `qml.Observable`, instead of raising an error.
```

Reviewer: The following would fail this test and still be considered a Pauli word:   ` (1/sqrt(2)) * qml.op_sum(qml.PauliX(0), qml.PauliZ(0))`
